
Warning, this shit's gon be rated R, restricted
You see this bullet hole in my neck? It's self inflicted
Doctor slapped my momma, "Bitch you got a sick kid"
Arrested, molested myself and got convicted
Wearing visors, sunglasses and disguises
Cause my split personality is having an identity crisis
I'm Dr. Hyde and Mr. Jekyll, disrespectful
Hearing voices in my head while these whispers echo
"Murder Murder Redrum"
Brain size of a bread crumb
Which drug will I end up dead from
Inebriated, till my stress is eleviated
"How in the fuck can Eminem and shady be related?"
Illiterate, illigitimate shit spitter
Bitch getter, hid in the bush like Margot Kidder
Jumped out (Ahhhh!) killed the bitch and did her
Use to let the babysitter suck my dick when I was little'er
Smoke a blunt while I'm titty fuckin Bette Midler
Sniper, waiting on your roof like the Fiddler
Y'all thought I was gonna rhyme with Riddler
Didn't Ya? Bring your bitch I wanna see if this dick gon' fit in her

I'm low down and I'm shiftee!
"And if you hear a man that sounds like me smack him
and ask him where the fuck did he get his damn raps from.."

I lace tunes, I'm out this world like Space Moons
With a bunch crazed loons dismissin brains like braze wounds
Nothing but idiots and misfits, dipshits
Doing whippits, passed out like Sanford snippits
Where's the weed, I wanna tamper with it
I'ma let your grandpa hit it
Mix it up with cocaine so her can't forget it
Fuck it, maybe I'm a bum
But I was put on this earth to make your baby mama cum
So what I'm on is way beyond the bomb or any alcoholic beverage
Losing all of my leverage
Went up inside the First National Bank broke, and left rich
Walking bio-hazard causing wreckage
Smoked out like Eckridge
Band just making my neck itch
What the fuck? Gimme the tech bitch
You just lost your tip, there's a pubic hair in my breakfast
Got shit popping off like bottle cap tips
Get your cap peeled like the dead skin of your mama's chapped lips
Slap hips, support domestic violence
Beat your bitches ass while your kids stare in silence
I'm just joking, is Dirty Dozen's really dust smoking?
If all your shit's missing, than probably one of us broke in

My head's ringing, like it was Spider Sense tingling
Lit it like Green Bay did when they shitted on New England
I'm out the game, put the second string in
This Brandy got my swinging
Bobbing back and forth like a penguin
Delinquent, toking microphones with Broken English
Make your mama be like "Ohh! This is good! Who sing this?"
"Slim Shady, his tape is dope, I love it
It's rugged, but he needs to quit talking all that drug shit."
It was predicted by a medic
I'd grow to be an addicted diabetic
Living off liquid Triametic
Pathetic, but I don't think this headache's ever vanishing
Panicing, I think I might have just took too much Anasin
Frozen Manaquin, posted stiffer than a statue
I think I'm dying, God is that you?
Somebody help me, before I OD on an LP
Take me to ER ASAP for and IV
Motherfuck JLB, they don't support no hip hop
They say that's where it ends, the closest they gon come is Tupac
It's politics, it's all a fix
Setup by these white blue collared hicks
Just to make a dollar off of black music
With a subliminal ball of tricks
But those can kiss ass and swallow dicks

Slim Shady, brain dead like Jim Brady
I'm a M80, you Lil' like that Kim lady
I'm buzzing, Dirty Dozen, naughty rotten rhymer
Cursing at you players worse than Marty Schottenheimer
You wacker than the motherfucker you bit your style from
You ain't gonna sell two copies if you press a double album
Admit it, fuck it, while we coming out in the open
I'm doing acid, crack, smack, coke and smoking dope then
My name is Marshall Mathers, I'm an alcoholic (Hi Marshall)
I have a disease and they don't know what to call it
Better hide your wallet 'cause I'm coming up quick to strip your cash
Bought a ticket to your concert just to come and whip your ass
Bitch, I'm coming out swinging, so fast it'll make your eyes spin
You getting knocked the fuck out like Mike Tyson
The +Proof+ is in the pudding, just ask the Deshaun Holton
I'll slit your motherfucking throat worse than Ron Goldman

So when you see me on your block with two glocks
Screaming "Fuck the World" like Tupac
I just don't give a fuck!
Talking that shit behind my back, dirty mackin
Telling your boys that I'm on crack
I just don't give a fuck!
So put my tape back on the rack
Go run and tell your friends my shit is wack
I just don't give a fuck!
But see me on the street and duck
'Cause you gon' get stuck, stoned and snuffed
'Cause I just don't give a fuck!

I'm nicer than Pete, but I'm on a Search to crush a Milkbone
I'm everlasting, I melt Vanilla Ice like silicone
I'm ill enough to just straight up diss you for no reason
I'm colder than snow season when it's twenty below freezing
Flavor with no seasoning, this is the sneak preview
I'll diss your magazine and still won't get a weak review
I'll make your freak leave you, smell the Folgers crystals
This is a lyrical combat, gentlemen hold your pistols
But I form like Voltron and blast you with my shoulder missiles
Slim Shady, Eminem was the old initials (Bye-bye!)
Extortion, snorting, supporting abortion
Pathological liar, blowing shit out of proportion
The looniest, zaniest, spontaneous, sporadic
Impulsive thinker, compulsive drinker, addict
Half animal, half man
Dumping your dead body inside of a fucking trash can
With more holes than an Afghan

Somebody let me out this limousine (hey, let me out!)
I'm a caged demon, on stage screaming like Rage Against The Machine
I'm convinced I'm a fiend, shooting up while this record is spinning
Clinically brain dead, I don't need a second opinion
Fuck dropping the jewel, I'm flipping the sacred treasure
I'll bite your motherfucking style, just to make it fresher
I can't take the pressure, I'm sick of bitches
Sick of nagging bosses bitching while I'm washing dishes
In school I never said much, too busy having a headrush
Doing too much rush had my face flushed like red blush
Then I went to Jim Beam, that's when my face grayed
Went to gym in eighth grade, raped the women's swim team
Don't take me for a joke I'm no comedian
Too many mental problems got me snorting coke and smoking weed again
I'm going up over the curb, driving on the median
Finally made it home, but I don't got the key to get in

Shit, fuck everything...
Outsiders, Pace One, Young Zee.
Fuck the entire world...

Just the two of us..

Baby your da-da loves you (hey)
And I'ma always be here for you (hey) no matter what happens
You're all I got in this world
I would never give you up for nothin
Nobody in this world is ever gonna keep you from me
I love you

C'mon Hai-Hai, we goin to the beach
Grab a couple of toys and let da-da strap you in the car seat
Oh where's mama? She's takin a little nap in the trunk
Oh that smell (whew!) da-da musta runned over a skunk
Now I know what you're thinkin - it's kind of late to go swimmin
But you know your mama, she's one of those type of women
that do crazy things, and if she don't get her way, she'll throw a fit
Don't play with da-da's toy knife, honey, let go of it (no!)
And don't look so upset, why you actin bashful?
Don't you wanna help da-da build a sand castle? (yeah!)
And mama said she wants to show how far she can float
And don't worry about that little boo-boo on her throat
It's just a little scratch - it don't hurt, her was eatin
dinner while you were sweepin and spilled ketchup on her shirt
Mama's messy isn't she? We'll let her wash off in the water
and me and you can pway by ourselves, can't we?

Just the two of us..
And when we ride!

See honey.. there's a place called heaven and a place called hell
A place called prison and a place called jail
And da-da's probably on his way to all of em except one
Cause mama's got a new husband and a stepson
And you don't want a brother do ya? (Nah)
Maybe when you're old enough to understand a little better
I'll explain it to ya
But for now we'll just say mama was real real bad
She was bein mean to dad and made him real real mad
But I still feel sad that I put her on time-out
Sit back in your chair honey, quit tryin to climb out (WAHH!)
I told you it's okay HaiHai, wanna ba-ba? 
Take a night-night? Nan-a-boo, goo-goo ga-ga?
Her make goo-goo ca-ca? Da-da change your dia-dee
Clean the baby up so her can take a nighty-nighty
Your dad'll wake her up as soon as we get to the water
Ninety-seven Bonnie and Clyde, me and my daughter

Just the two of us.. 
And when we ride!

Wake up sweepy head we're here, before we pway
we're gonna take mama for a wittle walk along the pier
Baby, don't cry honey, don't get the wrong idea
Mama's too sweepy to hear you screamin in her ear (ma-maa!)
That's why you can't get her to wake, but don't worry
Da-da made a nice bed for mommy at the bottom of the lake
Here, you wanna help da-da tie a rope around this rock? (yeah!)
We'll tie it to her footsie then we'll roll her off the dock
Ready now, here we go, on the count of free..
One.. two.. free.. WHEEEEEE! (whoooooshhhhh)
There goes mama, spwashin in the wa-ta
No more fightin wit dad, no more restraining order
No more step-da-da, no more new brother
Blow her kisses bye-bye, tell mama you love her (mommy!)
Now we'll go play in the sand, build a castle and junk
But first, just help dad with two more things out the trunk

Just the two of us..
And when we ride!

Just me and you baby
is all we need in this world
Just me and you
Your da-da will always be there for you
Your da-da's always gonna love you
Remember that
If you ever need me I will always be here for you
If you ever need anything, just ASK
Da-da will be right there
Your da-da loves you
I love you baby

Yeah...ha ha ha (BANG!), Yeah, Bizarre Kid comin' at you
Eminem and Fuzz, and Mr. Swifty, ha ha

No one's iller than me (wha?)
No one, no one is iller than me
No one is iller than me
It's Mr. Swifty from the 313...
I make rappers wanna turn into singers
I keep hoes lickin' they fingers
Bring this competition and face this meanin' 
Got your whole crew doing subpeonas
Hell nah you ain't seen a crew genius
Murder whoever's between us, pack your heaters
Keep it close, you can't beat us
While your whole crew treat us like G's, you best believe this
I done made quadrapalegics outta these non-rappin rejects
While the whole world ejects your tape, it ain't no secret
That your shit sounds fake, you can't stop it my mind state
Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate
I'm like Two-Face, I'm painful to rappers then you can tell
From these shells, how I gotta bend 'em like route canals
I erase all trails, somethin' farther from gettin' bail
Makes you wanna kill an emcee yourself, you might as well
Be within a 25 to life sentence, on linkin' trials
Horrified, and keep on frontin', repentin' and lose they bowels
Everything is foul when Swift's around, vacate now
Niggas dumb enough to try to front and escape, how?
I'm gonna take this 'gnac and drink it straight wild
Niggas steady fallin' in my face like milk crates, BLAAAOW!

It's Swifty from the 313
Like I said no one is iller than me, unnhh!
Me and Eminem and Mike
Drivin' down Van Dyke
Get my dick sucked late at night by a fuckin' transvestite
Still on probation for stranglin' my boy Jason
Should be takin' my medication, it's 9 to 10 I'm facin'
Last week this old man I had to blast
Cuz he tried to help me out when my car was out of gas
Ripped this old lady, hung her neck by a hook
Didn't realize it was my grandmother 'til I checked her pocketbook
Fuckin' with the white boys got me back on crack
Better explain where the hell your TVs and VCRs is at
I done lost 100 pounds, I ain't been eatin' like I should
This wounded dog in the street is sure lookin' good!
Rob this little boy in his fuckin' paper route 
Throwin' bottles at day care centers and yell "EVERYBODY GET OUT"!
My girl beat my ass and shot me in the back with a 2-piece
Cuz she found out I was havin' an affair with her 10-year old niece

No one, no one's iller than me
It's Bizarre Kid straight from the 313
No one, no one is iller than me
It's Bizarre Kid straight from the 313
Nobody better test me, cuz I don't wanna get messy
Especially when I step inside this bitch, dick freshly
New Lugz, give the crew hugs, guzzle two mugs
Before I do drugs that make me throw up like flu bugs
True thugs, rugged unshaven messy scrubs
Whippin' 40-bottles like the fuckin' Pepsi clubs
Down a fifth, crack open a six
I'm on my seventh 8-ball, now I gotta take a piss
I'm hollerin' at these hoes that got boyfriends
Who gives a fuck who they was
I'm always takin' someone else's girl like Cool J does
They probably don't be packin' anyways, do they Fuzz?
We walked up, stomped they asses and blew they buzz
Mics get sandblasted
Stab your abdomen with a hand crafted pocketknife and spill your antacid
Sprayed your motherfuckin' crib up when I ran past it
Fuckin' felon, headed to hell in a handbasket
Talkin' shit will get you, your girl and your man blasted
Kidnapped and slapped in a van wrapped in Saran plastic
Get your damn ass kicked, by these fantastic
Furious four motherfuckers
Flashin' in front of your face without the Grand Masters

Slim Shady, ain't nobody iller than me
I run shit like an ass with legs
Massive lead to leave your cabbage red
Similar to your ass in a casket dead
Drastic spread of acid heads
Come to abort you like a bastard egg
That trash you said got you standin' on plastic legs
Ask the feds from past the edge
Rockin' the most classic threads
Flashin' bread, roll down the window
Bitch you got some fantastic legs, you can get 'til that ass get red
You can get 'til that ass get red
Bizarre you get him and him, Swift you get him and him
I'll get him and him, leave the other two for my nigga Eminem
Never writer's block, I block writers
My block's tighter, ante up and get your top fighters
Got fired for jumpin' the counter with a mop stick
Some bitch ran up screamin' GET THE COPS QUICK!
And got drop kicked, now she screamin' "Stop it..."
Got clips to stop shit, rock shit and grab this hot shit
Wherever you shop bitch, Fuzz Scooter '97 crop pick
Sick a-ya'll niggaz lookin' at me like I got tits
I shoot a rocket through your optic
You niggaz still don't know the top pick?
I got bricks, lose my foot in your ass
And have you shittin' socks bitch!
We rock shit, leave your fuckin' knot split
Grab the green from Al by showin' him hot grits
(No one...)

Ain't nobody iller than me

It's the Mr. Fuzzy from the 313
No one, no one is iller than me
It's Eminem and Swift from the 313
No one, no one is iller than me
It's Fuzz and Buzz-arre from the 313

You have now witnessed 4 ill emcees!
From the home of potholes and trash
We'll lyrically blast...

Okay, I'm going to attempt to drown myself
You can try this at home
You can be just like me
Mic check one two, we recording?

I'm cancerous so when I diss you wouldn't want to answer this
If you responded back with a battle rap you wrote for Canibus
I strangle you to death then I choke you again
And break your fucking legs
'Til your bones poke through your skin
You beef with me, I'mma even the score equally
Take you on Jerry Springer and beat your ass legally
I get too blunted off of funny home grown, ‘cause when I smoke out I hit the trees harder than Sonny Bono (oh no!)
So if I said I never did drugs, that would mean I lie and get fucked more than the President does
Hilary Clinton tried to slap me and call me a pervert
I ripped her fucking tonsils out and fed her sherbet (bitch!)
My nerves hurt, and lately I'm on edge
Grabbed Vanilla Ice and ripped out his blond dreads (Fuck you!)
Every girl I ever went out with has gone les
Follow me and do exactly what the song says
Smoke weed, take pills, drop out of school, kill people
And drink, jump behind the wheel like it was still legal
I'm dumb enough to walk in a store and steal
So I'm dumb enough to ask for a date with Lauryn Hill
Some people only see that I'm white, ignorin' skill
Cause I stand out like a green hat with a orange bill
But I don't get pissed, y'all don't even see through the mist
How the fuck can I be white? I don't even exist
I get a clean shave, bathe, go to a rave
Die from an overdose and dig myself up out of my grave
My middle finger won't go down, how do I wave?
And this is how I'm supposed to teach kids how to behave?

Now follow me and do exactly what you see
Don't you want to grow up to be just like me?
I slap women and eat shrooms then O.D.
Now don't you want to grow up to be just like me?

Me and Marcus Allen went over to see Nicole
When we heard a knock at the door, must have been Ron Gold
Jumped behind the door, put the orgy on hold
Killed them both and smeared blood in a white Bronco
My mind won't work if my spine don't jerk
I slapped Garth Brooks out of his rhinestone shirt
I'm not a player, just a ill rhyme sayer
That'll spray a aerosol can up at the ozone layer
My rap style's warped
I'm running out the morgue with your dead grandmother's corpse to throw it on your porch
Jumped in a Chickenhawk cartoon with a cape on
And beat up Foghorn Leghorn with an acorn
I'm about as normal as Norman Bates with deformative traits
A premature birth that was four minutes late
Mother, are you there? I love you
I never meant to hit you over the head with that shovel
Will someone please explain to my brain that I just severed a main vein with a chainsaw and I'm in pain?
I take a breather and sigh, either I'm high or I'm nuts
Cause if you ain't tilting this room, neither am I
So when you see your mom with a thermometer shoved in her ass, then it probably is obvious I got it on with her
Cause when I drop this solo shit, it's over with
I bought Cage's tape, opened it and dubbed over it

I came to the club drunk with a fake ID
Don't you want to grow up to be just like me?
I've been with 10 women who got HIV
Now don't you want to grow up to be just like me?
I got genital warts and it burns when I pee
Don't you want to grow up to be just like me?
I tie a rope around my penis and jump from a tree
You probably want to grow up to be just like me

A-yo!
This song is dedicated to all the happy people
All the happy people who have real nice lives
And have no idea what it's like to be broke as fuck
I feel like I'm walking a tight rope, without a circus net
I'm popping percocets, I'm a nervous wreck
I deserve respect; but I work a sweat for this worthless check
'Bout to burst this tech, at somebody to reverse this debt
Minimum wage got my adrenaline caged
Full of venom and rage
Especially when I'm engaged
And my daughter's down to her last diaper
That's got my ass hyper
I pray that god answers, maybe I'll ask nicer
Watching ballers while they're flossing in their pathfinders
These overnight stars becoming autograph signers
We all long to blow up and leave the past behind us
Along with the small fry's and average half pinters
While player haters turn bitch like they have vaginas
'Cause we see them dollar signs and let the cash blind us
Money'll brainwash you and leave your ass mindless
While snakes slither in the grass spineless
That's Rock Bottom
When this life makes you're mad enough to kill
That's Rock Bottom
When you want something bad enough to steal
That's Rock Bottom
When you feel like you've had it up to here
'Cause you're mad enough to scream but you're sad enough to tear
My life is full of empty promises
And broken dreams
I'm hoping things will look up
But there ain't no job openings
I feel discouraged, hungry and malnourished
Living in this house with no furnace, unfurnished
And I'm sick of working dead end jobs with lame pay
And I'm tired of being hired and fired the same day
But fuck it, if you know the rules to the game play
'Cause when we die we know we're all going the same way
It's cool to be the player, but it sucks to be the fan
When all you need is bucks to be the man
Plus a luxury sedan
Too comfortable and roomy in a six
But they threw me in the mix
With all these gloomy lunatics
Who walk around depressed
And smoke a pound of ses a day
And yesterday went by so quick it seems like it was just today
My daughter wants to throw the ball but I'm too stressed to play
Live half my life and throw the rest away

There's people that love me and people that hate me (yup)
But it's the evil that made me this backstabbing, deceitful, and shady
I want the money, the women, the fortune, and the fame
That means I'll end up burning in hell scorching in flames
That means I'm stealing your checkbook and forging your name
There's lifetime bliss for eternal torture and pain
'Cause right now I feel like I've just hit the rock bottom
I got problems now everybody on my blocks got 'em (I'm done)
I'm screaming like those two cops when 2pac shot 'em
Holding two glocks, I hope your doors got new locks on 'em
My daughter's feet ain't got no shoes or socks on 'em
And the rings you're wearing look like they got a few rocks on 'em
And while you flaunt 'em I could be taking them to shops to pawn them
I got a couple of rings and a brand new watch you want 'em?
'Cause I never went gold off one song
I'm running up on someone's lawn with guns drawn

I reckon you ain't familiar with these here parts
You know, there's a story behind that there saloon
Twenty years ago, two outlaws took this whole town over
Sheriffs couldn't stop 'em
Quickest damn gun-slingers I've ever seen
Got murdered in cold-blood
That old saloon there was their little "home away from home"
They say the ghosts of Bad and Evil still live in that tavern
And on a quiet night
You can still hear the footsteps of Slim Shady and Royce da 5'9"
I don't speak, I float in the air wrapped in a sheet
I'm not a real person, I'm a ghost trapped in a beat
I translate when my voice is read through a seismograph
And a noise is spread, picked up and transmitted through Royce's head
Trap him in his room, possess him and hoist his bed
Til the evilness flows through his blood like poisonous lead
Told him each one of his boys is dead
I asked him to come to the dark side
He made a choice and said...
Who hard? Yo I done heard worse
We can get in two cars and accelerate at each other
To see which one'll swerve first
Two blind bandits panic whose mental capacity holds
That of a globe on top of nine other planets
Kissed the cheek of the Devil
Intelligence level is hellier than treble peaking on speakers in the ghetto
Dismissal, I'm not a fair man
Disgraced the race of an atheist
Intercepting missiles with my bare hands like a patriot
One track sliced without swords
I buried the Christ corpse
In my past life when the black knight mounted the white horse
And stay over-worked, it's like the Nazis and the Nation
Collaborating attempting to take over the Earth
Cause this is what happens when Bad meets Evil
And we hit the trees til we look like Vietnamese people
He's Evil, and I'm Bad like Steve Seagal
Above the law cause I don't agree with police either (Shit, me neither)
We ain't eager to be legal
So please leave me with the keys to your Jeep Eagle
I breathe ether in three lethal amounts
While I stab myself in the knee with a diseased needle
Releasing rage on anybody in squeezing range
Cold enough to make the seasons change into freezing rain
(He's insane)
No I'm not, I just want to shoot up and I'm pissed off
Cause I can't find a decent vein
The disaster with dreads
I'm bad enough to commit suicide
And survive long enough to kill my soul after I'm dead
When in danger, it's funny, actually my flavor's similar to a waiter
Cause I serve any stranger with money
I spray a hundred, man until they joint chains
While slipping bullets at point-blank range like they was punches
Piss on a flag and burn it, murder you then come to your funeral
Service lobby and strangle your body to confirm it
Whipping human ass, throwing blows, cracking jaws
With my fists wrapped in gauze, dipped in glue and glass
I'm blazing MCs, at the same time amazing MCs
Somehow, MCs ain't that eyebrow-raising to me
From all of angles of us, flash a Mack loud enough
To cast a avalanche and bust till volcanoes erupt
Hello? (Billy) Aiyyo what's up (we're comin to get you)
STOP, THEY KNOW IT'S US!!
I used to be a loudmouth, remember me?
I'm the one who burned your house down, well I'm out now
And this time I'm coming back to blow your house up
And I ain't gon' leave you a window to jump out of
Give me two fat tabs and three shrooms
And you won't see me like fat people in steam rooms
And when I go to hell and I'm getting ready to leave
I'ma put air in a bag and charge people to breathe
Cause this is what happens when Bad meets Evil
And we hit the trees 'til we look like Vietnamese people
He's Evil, and I'm Bad like Steve Seagal
Against peaceful, see you in hell for the sequel
(We'll be waiting) See you in hell
Wall Street, Royce Da 5'9", Slim Shady
See you in hell for the sequel (bye-bye)
Bad Meets Evil, what ('til next time)
And so that's the story when Bad meets Evil
Two of the most wanted individuals in the county
Made Jesse James and Billy the Kid look like law-abiding citizens
It's too bad they had to go out the way they did
Got shot in the back coming out of that old saloon
But their spirits still live on till this day
Shhh...[spits] wait, did y'all hear that?

My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'll all be gray, but your picture on my wall
It reminds me, that it's not so bad, it's not so bad

Dear Slim, I wrote you but you still ain't calling
I left my cell, my pager, and my home phone at the bottom
I sent two letters back in autumn, you must not-a got 'em
There probably was a problem at the post office or something
Sometimes I scribble addresses too sloppy when I jot 'em
But anyways; fuck it, what's been up? Man, how's your daughter?
My girlfriend's pregnant, too, I'm bout to be a father
If I have a daughter, guess what I'mma call her?
I'mma name her Bonnie
I read about your Uncle Ronnie, too, I'm sorry
I had a friend kill himself over some bitch who didn't want him
I know you probably hear this everyday, but I'm your biggest fan
I even got the underground shit that you did with Skam
I got a room full of your posters and your pictures, man
I like the shit you did with Rawkus, too, that shit was phat
Anyways, I hope you get this, man, hit me back,
Just to chat, truly yours, your biggest fan
This is Stan

My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'll all be gray, but your picture on my wall
It reminds me, that it's not so bad, it's not so bad

Dear Slim, you still ain't called or wrote, I hope you have a chance
I ain't mad - I just think it's FUCKED UP you don't answer fans
If you didn't wanna talk to me outside your concert
You didn't have to, but you coulda signed an autograph for Matthew
That's my little brother man, he's only six years old
We waited in the blistering cold for you,
For four hours and you just said, "No."
That's pretty shitty man - you're like his fucking idol
He wants to be just like you man, he likes you more than I do
I ain't that mad though, I just don't like being lied to
Remember when we met in Denver - you said if I'd write you
You would write back - see I'm just like you in a way
I never knew my father neither;
He used to always cheat on my mom and beat her
I can relate to what you're saying in your songs
So when I have a shitty day, I drift away and put 'em on
'Cause I don't really got shit else so that shit helps when I'm depressed
I even got a tattoo with your name across the chest
Sometimes I even cut myself to see how much it bleeds
It's like adrenaline, the pain is such a sudden rush for me
See everything you say is real, and I respect you 'cause you tell it
My girlfriend's jealous 'cause I talk about you 24/7
But she don't know you like I know you Slim, no one does
She don't know what it was like for people like us growing up
You gotta call me man, I'll be the biggest fan you'll ever lose
Sincerely yours, Stan
P.S.
We should be together, too

My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'll all be gray, but your picture on my wall
It reminds me, that it's not so bad, it's not so bad

Dear Mister I'm-Too-Good-To-Call-Or-Write-My-Fans,
This'll be the last package I ever send your ass
It's been six months and still no word. I don't deserve it?
I know you got my last two letters;
I wrote the addresses on 'em perfect
So this is my cassette I'm sending you, I hope you hear it
I'm in the car right now, I'm doing 90 on the freeway
Hey Slim, I drank a fifth of vodka, you dare me to drive?
You know the song by Phil Collins "In the Air Tonight"
About that guy who coulda saved that other guy from drowning
But didn't, then Phil saw it all, then at a show he found him?
That's kinda how this is, you coulda rescued me from drowning
Now it's too late. I'm on a 1000 downers now, I'm drowsy
And all I wanted was a lousy letter or a call
I hope you know I ripped all of your pictures off the wall
I love you, Slim, we coulda been together, think about it
You ruined it now, I hope you can't sleep and you dream about it
And when you dream I hope you can't sleep and you scream about it
I hope your conscience eats at you and you can't breathe without me
See, Slim,—shut up bitch! I'm trying to talk!
Hey, Slim, that's my girlfriend screaming in the trunk,
But I didn't slit her throat, I just tied her up. See, I ain't like you
'Cause if she suffocates she'll suffer more, and then she'll die, too
Well, gotta go, I'm almost at the bridge now
Oh shit, I forgot, how'm I supposed to send this shit out?

My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'll all be gray, but your picture on my wall
It reminds me, that it's not so bad, it's not so bad

Dear Stan, I meant to write you sooner but I've just been busy
You said your girlfriend's pregnant now, how far along is she?
Look, I'm really flattered you would call your daughter that
And here's an autograph for your brother,
I wrote it on the Starter cap
I'm sorry I didn't see you at the show, I musta missed you
Don't think I did that shit intentionally just to diss you
But what's this shit you said about you like to cut your wrists, too?
I say that shit just clowning dogg,
C'mon! How fucked up is you?
You got some issues, Stan, I think you need some counseling
To help your ass from bouncing off the walls when you get down some
And what's this shit about us meant to be together?
That type of shit'll make me not want us to meet each other
I really think you and your girlfriend need each other
Or maybe you just need to treat her better
I hope you get to read this letter, I just hope it reaches you in time
Before you hurt yourself, I think that you'll be doing just fine
If you relax a little, I'm glad I inspire you but, Stan
Why are you so mad? Try to understand, that I do want you as a fan
I just don't want you to do some crazy shit
I seen this one shit on the news a couple weeks ago that made me sick
Some dude was drunk and drove his car over a bridge
And had his girlfriend in the trunk, and she was pregnant with his kid
And in the car they found a tape, but they didn't say who it was to
Come to think about it, his name was... it was you
Damn!

Whatever...
Dre, just let it run
Aiyyo turn the beat up a little bit
Aiyyo... this song is for anyone... fuck it
Just shut up and listen, aiyyo...

I sit back with this pack of Zig Zags and this bag
Of this weed it gives me the shit needed to be
The most meanest MC on this - on this Earth
And since birth I've been cursed with this curse to just curse
And just blurt this berserk and bizarre shit that works
And it sells and it helps in itself to relieve
All this tension dispensing these sentences
Getting this stress that's been eating me recently off of this chest
And I rest again peacefully (peacefully)...
But at least have the decency in you
To leave me alone, when you freaks see me out
In the streets when I'm eating or feeding my daughter
Do not come and speak to me (speak to me)...
I don't know you and no,
I don't owe you a motherfucking thing
I'm not Mr. N'Sync, I'm not what your friends think
I'm not Mr. Friendly, I can be a prick
If you tempt me my tank is on empty (is on empty)...
No patience is in me and if you offend me
I'm lifting you 10 feet (lifting you 10 feet)... in the air
I don't care who was there and who saw me just jaw you
Go call you a lawyer, file you a lawsuit
I'll smile in the courtroom and buy you a wardrobe
I'm tired of all you (of all you)...
I don't mean to be mean, but that's all I can be it's just me

And I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
Radio won't even play my jam
'Cause I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
I don't know, it's just the way I am

Sometimes I just feel like my father,
I hate to be bothered
With all of this nonsense it's constant
And, "Oh, it's his lyrical content -
- the song 'Guilty Conscience' has gotten such rotten responses"
And all of this controversy circles me
And it seems like the media immediately
Points a finger at me (finger at me)...
So I point one back at 'em, but not the index or pinkie
Or the ring or the thumb, it's the one you put up
When you don't give a fuck, when you won't just put up
With the bullshit they pull, 'cause they full of shit too
When a dude's getting bullied and shoots up his school
And they blame it on Marilyn (on Marilyn)... and the heroin
Where were the parents at? And look where it's at
Middle America, now it's a tragedy
Now it's so sad to see, an upper class city
Having this happening (this happening)...
Then attack Eminem 'cause I rap this way (rap this way)...
But I'm glad 'cause they feed me the fuel that I need for the fire
To burn and it's burning and I have returned

And I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
Radio won't even play my jam
'Cause I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
I don't know it's just the way I am

I'm so sick and tired of being admired
That I wish that I would just die or get fired
And dropped from my label, let's stop with the fables
I'm not gonna be able to top on "My Name is... "
And pigeon-holed into some pop-py sensation
That got me rotation at rock'n'roll stations
And I just do not got the patience (got the patience)...
To deal with these cocky Caucasians who think
I'm some wigger who just tries to be black 'cause I talk
With an accent, and grab on my balls, so they always keep asking
The same fucking questions (fucking questions)...
What school did I go to, what hood I grew up in
The why, the who what when, the where, and the how
'Til I'm grabbing my hair and I'm tearing it out
'Cause they driving me crazy (driving me crazy)... I can't take it
I'm racing, I'm pacing, I stand and I sit
And I'm thankful for every fan that I get
But I can't take a shit, in the bathroom
Without someone standing by it
No, I won't sign your autograph
You can call me an asshole I'm glad

Yeah, hahahaha...whooooo, shit!
Aight, guess what? I ain't coming in yet...
I'll come in a minute
Ayo...This is my love song...it goes like this

Back when Mark Wahlberg was Marky Mark
(fuckin' faggot)
This is how we used to make the party start
We used to mix Hen' with Bacardi Dark
And when it kicks in you can hardly talk

And by the sixth gin you're gon' probably crawl
And you'll be sick then and you'll probably barf
And my prediction is you're gon' probably fall
Either somewhere in the lobby or the hallway wall

And everything's spinning
You're beginnin' to think women
Are swimming in pink linen again in the sink
Then in a couple of minutes
That bottle of Guinness is finished
You are now allowed to officially slap bitches

You have the right to remain violent and start wilin'
Start a fight with the same guy that was smart-eyein' you
Get in your car, start it, and start drivin'
Over the island and cause a 42-car pile-up

Earth calling, pilot to co-pilot
Looking for life on this planet, sir, no sign of it
All I can see is a bunch of smoke flyin'
And I'm so high that I might die if I go by it
Let me out of this place
I'm outta place
I'm in outer space
I've just vanished without a trace
I'm going to a pretty place
Now where the flowers grow
I'll be back in an hour or so

'Cause every time I go to try to leave
Someone keeps pullin' on my sleeve
I don't wanna, but I gotta stay
These drugs really got a hold of me

'Cause every time I try to tell them "No"
They won't let me ever let them go
I'm a sucker all I gotta say
These drugs really got a hold of me

In third grade, all I used to do
Was sniff glue through a tube and play Rubik's cube
17 years later I'm as rude as Jude
Scheming on the first chick with the hugest boobs

I've got no game
And every face looks the same
They've got no name
So I don't need game to play

I just say whatever I want to whoever I want
Whenever I want, wherever I want, however I want

However I do show some respect to few
This ecstasy's got me standing next to you
Getting sentimental as fuck spillin' guts to you
We just met but I think I'm in love with you

But you're on it too
So you tell me you love me too
Wake up in the morning like
"Yo, what the fuck we do?"
I gotta go bitch
You know I got stuff to do
'Cause if I get caught cheatin' then I'm stuck with you

But in the long run
These drugs are probably going to catch up sooner or later
But fuck it, I'm on one
So let's enjoy
Let the X destroy your spinal cord
So it's not a straight line no more
'Til we walk around looking like some wind-up dolls
Shit's sticking out of our backs like a dinosaur
Shit, six hits won't even get me high no more
So bye for now
I'm going to try to find some more

'Cause every time I go to try to leave
Someone keeps pullin' on my sleeve
I don't wanna, but I gotta stay
These drugs really got a hold of me

'Cause every time I try to tell them "No"
They won't let me ever let them go
I'm a sucker all I gotta say
These drugs really got a hold of me

That's the sound of a bottle when it's hollow
When you swallow it all wallow and drown in your sorrow
And tomorrow you're probably gonna wanna do it again
What's a little spinal fluid between you and a friend? Screw it
And what's a little bit of alcohol poisoning?
And what's a little fight?
Tomorrow you'll be boys again
It's your life
Live it however you wanna
Marijuana is everywhere
Where was you brought up?
It don't matter as long as you get where you're going
‘Cause none of this shit's gonna mean shit where we're goin'
They tell you to stop, but you just sit there ignoring
Even though you wake up feeling like shit every morning

But you're young
You've got a lot of drugs to do
Girls to screw
Parties to crash
Sucks to be you
If I could take it all back now, I wouldn't
I would have did more shit that people said that I shouldn't
But I'm all grown up now and upgraded and graduated
Did better drugs and updated
But I've still got a lot of growing up to do
I've still got a whole lot of throwing up to spew

But when it's all said and done I'll be 40
Before I know it with a 40 on the porch telling stories
With a bottle of Jack
Two grandkids in my lap
Babysitting for Hailie while Hailie's out getting smashed

'Cause every time I go to try to leave
Someone keeps pullin' on my sleeve
I don't wanna, but I gotta stay
These drugs really got a hold of me

Just let me lay back and kick some mo' simplistic pimp shit
on Slim's shit and start riots like Limp Bizkit (Limp Bizkit)
Throw on 'Guilty Conscience' at concerts
and watch mosh pits til motherfuckers knock each other unconcious
(Watch out now!) Some of these crowds that Slim draws
is rowdy as Crenshaw Boulevard when it's packed and fulla cars
Some of these crowds me and Snoop draw +IS+ niggaz from Crenshaw
from Long Beach to South Central 
Whoa, not these niggaz again
These grown-ass ignorant men with hair-triggers again
(Hehe) You and what army could harm me?
D-R-E and Shady, with Doggy from Long Beach
(East-syde!) Came a long way, to makin these songs play
It'll be a wrong move, to stare at me the wrong way
I got a long uz', and I carry it all day
(Blaow!) Sometimes it's like a nightmare, just bein Andre,
but I..

somehow, someway - tell 'em, nigga
You know about Dogg-ay (Snoop Dogg)
Now let me cut these niggaz up and show em where da fuck I'm comin from
I get the party crackin from the shit that I be spittin son
Hit-and-run, get it done, get the funds, split and run
Got about fifty guns, and I love all of 'em the same - bang bang!
Damn baby girl what's your name?
I forgot - what'd you say it was? Damn a nigga buzzed
Hangin in the club, with my nephew Eminem
(Whassup Slim?) Whattup cuz? (Whattup Snoop?)
The Great White American Hope, done hooked up
with the King of the motherfuckin West coast, bay-bayy!

And you don't really wanna fuck, with me
Only nigga that I trust, is me
Fuck around and make me bust, this heat
That's, the devil, they always wanna dance

I'm the Head Nigga In Charge, I'm watchin you move
You're found dead in your garage, with ten o'clock news coverage
Gotta love it, cause I expose the facade
Your little lungs is too small to hotbox with God
All jokes aside, come bounce with us
Standin over you with a twelve gauge, about to bust
It's like ashes to ashes and dust to dust
I might leave in the bodybag, but never in cuffs
So who do you trust? They just not rugged enough
When things get rough I'm in the club shootin with Puff
Bitch, please - you must have a mental disease
Assume the position and get back down on your knees - c'mon

Awww naww, big Slim Dogg
Eighty pound balls, dick six inch long
Back up, in the, heezy BAY-BAY
He's Sha-day!

He's so cra-zay!

Hahaha! Gimme the mic, let me recite, 'til Timothy White
pickets outside the Interscope offices every night
What if he's right? I'm just a criminal, makin a living
off of the world's misery - what in the world gives me the right
to say what I like, and walk around flippin the bird
Livin the urban life, like a white kid from the 'burbs
Dreamin at night of screamin at mom, schemin to leave
Run away from home and grow to be as evil as me
I just want you all to notice me and people to see
that somewhere deep down, there's a decent human being in me
It just can't be found, so the reason you've been seeing this me
is cause this is me now, the recent dude who's being this mean
So when you see me, dressin up like a nerd on TV
or heard the CD usin the fag word so freely
it's just me being me, here want me to tone it down?
Suck my fuckin dick, you faggot
You happy now? Look here

I start some trouble everywhere that I go (that I go)
Ask the bouncers in the club cause they know (cause they know)
I start some shit they throw me out the back do' (the back do')
Come back and shoot the club up with a fo'-fo' (a fo'-fo')

Where's my snare?
I have no snare in my headphones. There you go
Yeah... yo, yo

Have you ever been hated or discriminated against?
I have; I've been protested and demonstrated against
Picket signs for my wicked rhymes, look at the times
Sick as the mind of the motherfucking kid that's behind
All this commotion emotions run deep as oceans, exploding
Tempers flaring from parents just blow 'em off and keep going
Not taking nothing from no one give 'em hell long as I'm breathing
Keep kicking ass in the morning and taking names in the evening
Leave 'em with a taste as sour as vinegar in they mouth
See they can trigger me, but they'll never figure me out
Look at me now; I bet you're probably sick of me now ain't you mama?
I'mma make you look so ridiculous now

I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry; but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet (one more time)
I said I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry, but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet

Ha! I got some skeletons in my closet
And I don't know if no one knows it
So before they throw me inside my coffin and close it
I'mma expose it; I'll take you back to '73
Before I ever had a multi-platinum-selling CD
I was a baby, maybe I was just a couple of months
My faggot father must have had his panties up in a bunch
'Cause he split, I wonder if he even kissed me goodbye
No I don't. On second thought I just fucking wished he would die
I look at Hailie, and I couldn't picture leaving her side
Even if I hated Kim, I'd grit my teeth and I'd try
To make it work with her at least for Hailie's sake
I maybe made some mistakes
But I'm only human, but I'm man enough to face them today
What I did was stupid, no doubt it was dumb
But the smartest shit I did was take them bullets outta that gun
'Cause I'da killed him; shit I would've shot Kim and him both
It's my life, I'd like to welcome y'all to "The Eminem Show"

I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry; but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet (one more time)
I said I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry, but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet

Now I would never diss my own mama just to get recognition
Take a second to listen 'fore you think this record is dissing
But put yourself in my position; just try to envision
Witnessing your mama popping prescription pills in the kitchen
Bitching that someone's always going through her purse and shit's missing
Going through public housing systems, victim of Münchausen's Syndrome
My whole life I was made to believe I was sick when I wasn't
'Til I grew up, now I blew up, it makes you sick to your stomach
Doesn't it? Wasn't it the reason you made that CD for me Ma?
So you could try to justify the way you treated me Ma?
But guess what? You're getting older now and it's cold when you're lonely
And Nathan's growing up so quick he's gonna know that you're phony
And Hailie's getting so big now; you should see her, she's beautiful
But you'll never see her, she won't even be at your funeral!
See what hurts me the most is you won't admit you was wrong
Bitch do your song, keep telling yourself that you was a mom!
But how dare you try to take what you didn't help me to get
You selfish bitch; I hope you fucking burn in hell for this shit
Remember when Ronnie died and you said you wished it was me?
Well guess what, I am dead, dead to you as can be!

I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry; but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet (one more time)
I said I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry, but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet

I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry; but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet (one more time)
I said I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry, but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet

I'm a soldier, I'm a soldier, I'm a soldier, I'm a soldier

Yo', never was a thug, just infatuated with guns
Never was a gangster, 'til I graduated to one
And got the rep of a villain
For weapon concealin'
Took the image of a thug, kept shit appealin'

Willin' to stick out my neck
For respect
If it meant life or death
Never live to regret what I said
When you're me
People just want to see
If it's true, if it's you, what you say in your raps, what you do
So they feel
it's part of your obligation to fulfill
When they see you on the streets, face to face, are you for real
In confrontation
Ain't no conversation
If you feel you're in violation
Any hesitation'll get you killed, if you feel it, kill it
If you conceal it, reveal it
Being reasonable will leave you full of bullets
Pull it, squeeze it, 'til it's empty
Tempt me, push me, pussies
I need a good reason to give this trigger a good squeeze

I'm a soldier, these shoulders hold up so much
They won't budge
I'll never fall or fold up
I'm a soldier
Even if my collar bones crush or crumble
I will never slip or stumble
I'm a soldier
These shoulders hold up so much
They won't budge
I'll never fall or fold up
I'm a soldier
Even if my collar bones crush or crumble
I will never stumble

I love pissin' you off
It gets me off
Like my lawyers, when the fuckin' judge lets me off
All you motherfuckers gotta do is set me off
I'll violate and all the motherfuckin' bets be off
I'm a lit fuse
Anything I do bitch, it's news
Pistol-whippin' motherfuckin' bouncer 6'2"
Who needs bullets
as soon as I pull it, you sweat bullets
An excellent method to get rid of the next bully
It's actually better 'cause instead of you murderin'
You can hurt 'em
And come back again and kick dirt at 'em
It's like pourin' salt in the wounds
Assault and get sued
You can smell the lawsuits soon as I waltz in the room
Everybody halts and stops, and calls the cops
All you see is bitches comin' out their halter tops
Runnin' and duckin' out the Hot Rocks parking lot
You'll all get shot whether it's your fault or not, 'cause

I'm a soldier, these shoulders hold up so much
They won't budge
I'll never fall or fold up
I'm a soldier
Even if my collar bones crush or crumble
I will never slip or stumble
I'm a soldier
These shoulders hold up so much
They won't budge
I'll never fall or fold up
I'm a soldier
Even if my collar bones crush or crumble
I will never stumble

I spit it slow so these kids know that I'm talkin' to 'em
Give it back to these damn critics and sock it to 'em
I'm like a thug, with a little bit of Pac influence
I spew it, and look how I got you bitches rockin' to it
You motherfuckers could never do it like I could do it
Don't even try it, you'll look stupid, do not pursue it
Don't ever in your life, try to knock the truest
I spit the illest shit, ever been dropped in two-inch
So ticky-tock listen as the sound ticks on the clock
Listen to the sound of Kim as she licks on a cock
Listen to the sound of me spillin' my heart through this pen
Motherfuckers know that I'll never be Marshall again
Full of controversy
Until I retire my jersey
'Til the fire inside dies and expires at thirty
And Lord have mercy on any more of these rappers that verse me
And put a curse on authorities in the face of adversity, I'm a

I'm a soldier, these shoulders hold up so much
They won't budge
I'll never fall or fold up
I'm a soldier
Even if my collar bones crush or crumble
I will never slip or stumble
I'm a soldier
These shoulders hold up so much
They won't budge
I'll never fall or fold up
I'm a soldier
Even if my collar bones crush or crumble
I will never stumble

Two trailer-park girls go 'round the outside, 'round the outside, 'round the outside
Two trailer-park girls go 'round the outside, 'round the outside, 'round the outside

Guess who's back, back again
Shady's back, tell a friend
Guess who's back
Guess who's back
Guess who's back
Guess who's back
Guess who's back
Guess who's back
Guess who's back

I've created a monster
'Cause nobody wants to see Marshall no more
They want Shady I'm chopped liver
Well if you want Shady, this is what I'll give ya
A little bit of weed mixed with some hard liquor
Some vodka that'll jump-start my heart
Quicker than a shock
When I get shocked at the hospital by the doctor
When I'm not cooperating
When I'm rocking the table while he's operating (hey!)

You waited this long now stop debating
'Cause I'm back I'm on the rag and ovulating
I know that you got a job Ms. Cheney
But your husband's heart problem's complicating

So the FCC won't let me be
Or let me be me so let me see
They try to shut me down on MTV
But it feels so empty without me

So come on dip, bum on your lips fuck that
Cum on your lips and some on your tits and get ready 'cause this shit's about to get heavy
I just settled all my lawsuits
Fuck you, Debbie!

Now this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me

I said this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me

Little hellions kids feeling rebellious
Embarrassed, their parents still listen to Elvis
They start feeling like prisoners, helpless
'Til someone comes along on a mission and yells "bitch"

A visionary, vision is scary
Could start a revolution
Polluting the air waves a rebel
So just let me revel and bask
In the fact that I got everyone kissing my ass
And it's a disaster
Such a catastrophe for you to see so damn much of my ass
You ask for me?

Well I'm back
Fix your bent antennae
Tune it in and then I'm gonna enter in
And up under your skin like a splinter
The center of attention back for the winter

I'm interesting, the best thing since wrestling
Infesting in your kid's ears and nesting
Testing attention please
Feel the tension soon as someone mentions me
Here's my 10 cents my 2 cents is free
A nuisance, who sent, you sent for me?

Now this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me

I said this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me

A tisk-it a task-it
I'll go tit for tat with anybody who's talking this shit, that shit
Chris Kirkpatrick you can get your ass kicked
Worse than them little Limp Bizkit bastards

And Moby
You can get stomped by Obie
You 36 year old bald-headed fag blow me
You don't know me
You're too old
Let go
It's over, nobody listens to techno

Now let's go, just give me the signal
I'll be there with a whole list full of new insults
I've been dope, suspenseful with a pencil
Ever since Prince turned himself into a symbol

But sometimes the shit just seems
Everybody only wants to discuss me
So this must mean I'm disgusting
But it's just me I'm just obscene

No, I'm not the first king of controversy
I am the worst thing since Elvis Presley
To do black music so selfishly
And use it to get myself wealthy (Hey)

There's a concept that works
20 million other white rappers emerge
But no matter how many fish in the sea
It'd be so empty without me

Now this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me

I said this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me

'Cause I know you want me baby
I think I want you too
"I think I love you baby"
I think I love you too
I'm here to save you girl
Come be in Shady's world
I wanna grow together
Let's let our love unfurl
You know you want me baby
You know I want you too
They call me Superman
I'm here to rescue you
I wanna save you girl
Come be in Shady's world
"Ooh boy you drive me crazy"
Bitch you make me hurl

They call me Superman
Leap tall hoes in a single bound
I'm single now
Got no ring on this finger now
I'd never let another chick bring me down
In a relationship
Save it bitch, babysit
You make me sick
Superman ain't savin' shit
Girl you can jump on Shady's dick
Straight from the hip, cut to the chase
I tell a motherfuckin' slut to her face
Play no games, say no names
Ever since I broke up with what's-her-face
I'm a different man, kiss my ass
Kiss my lips, bitch why ask?
Kiss my dick, get my cash
I'd rather have you whip my ass
Don't put out, I'll put you out
Won't get out, I'll push you out
Puss blew out, poppin' shit
Wouldn't piss on fire to put you out
Am I too nice?
Buy you ice
Bitch if you died, wouldn't buy you life
What you tryin' to be? My new wife?
What you Mariah, fly through twice

But I do know one thing though
Bitches, they come they go
Saturday through Sunday, Monday
Monday through Sunday yo
Maybe I'll love you one day
Maybe we'll someday grow
'Til then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin' runway ho

Don't get me wrong, I love these hoes
It's no secret, everybody knows
Yeah we fucked, bitch so what?
That's about as far as your buddy goes
We'll be friends, I'll call you again
I'll chase you around every bar you attend
Never know what kinda car I'll be in
We'll see how much you'll be partying then
You don't want that, neither do I
I don't wanna flip when I see you with guys
Too much pride between you and I
Not a jealous man, but females lie
But I guess that's just what sluts do
How could it ever be just us two
I'd never love you enough to trust you
We just met and I just fucked you

But I do know one thing though
Bitches, they come they go
Saturday through Sunday, Monday
Monday through Sunday yo
Maybe I'll love you one day
Maybe we'll someday grow
'Til then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin' runway ho
'Cause I know you want me baby
I think I want you too
"I think I love you baby"
I think I love you too
I'm here to save you girl
Come be in Shady's world
I wanna grow together
Let's let our love unfurl
You know you want me baby
You know I want you too
They call me Superman
I'm here to rescue you
I wanna save you girl
Come be in Shady's world
"Ooh boy you drive me crazy"
Bitch you make me hurl

First thing you say
"I'm not fazed, I hang around big stars all day
I don't see what the big deal is anyway
You're just plain old Marshall to me"
Ooh ya' girl run that game
"Hailie Jade, I love that name
Love that tattoo, what's that say?"
"Rot in pieces, uh, that's great"
First off you don't know Marshall
At all so don't grow partial
That's ammo for my arsenal
I'll slap you off that bar stool
There goes another lawsuit
Leave hand prints all across you
Good Lordy whoadie
You must be gone off that water bottle
You want what you can't have
Ooh girl that's too damn bad
Don't touch what you can't grab
End up with two backhands
Put anthrax on a Tampax, and slap you 'til you can't stand
Girl you just blew your chance
Don't mean to ruin your plans

But I do know one thing though
Bitches, they come they go
Saturday through Sunday, Monday
Monday through Sunday yo
Maybe I'll love you one day
Maybe we'll someday grow
'Til then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin' runway ho

'Cause I know you want me baby
I think I want you too
"I think I love you baby"
I think I love you too
I'm here to save you girl
Come be in Shady's world
I wanna grow together
Let's let our love unfurl
You know you want me baby
You know I want you too
They call me Superman
I'm here to rescue you
I wanna save you girl
Come be in Shady's world
"Ooh boy you drive me crazy"
Bitch you make me hurl